1.
    What is Flask?
    Flask is a micro web framework written in Python and based on the Werkzeug toolkit and Jinja2 template engine. 
    Flask is called a micro framework because it does not require particular tools or libraries.[6] It has no 
    database abstraction layer, form validation, or any other components where pre-existing third-party libraries
    provide common functions.
2. 
    What is BSD lisence?
     The BSD license is a simple license that merely requires that all code licensed under the BSD license be licensed 
     under the BSD license if redistributed in source code format. 
     BSD (unlike some other licenses) does not require that source code be distributed at all.    

3.  what is sqlAlchemy?
    SQLAlchemy is an open source SQL toolkit and object-relational mapper (ORM) for the 
    Python programming language released under the MIT License.
    SQLAlchemy has quickly become one of the most widely used
    object-relational mapping tools in the Python community, alongside Django's ORM.

4.  What is ORM?
    Object-relational mapping (ORM, O/RM, and O/R mapping tool) in computer science is a 
    programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems using 
    object-oriented programming languages. 
    Many popular database products such as SQL database management systems (DBMS) 
    can only store and manipulate scalar values such as integers and strings organized within tables. 
    The programmer must convert the object values into groups of simpler values for storage in the database 
    (and convert them back upon retrieval).
    The heart of the problem involves translating the logical representation of the objects into an atomized 
    form that is capable of being stored in the database while preserving the properties of the objects and 
    their relationships so that they can be reloaded as objects when needed.

5.  What is web framework?
     A web framework aims to implement all the functionality common to most web applications, 
     such as mapping URLs to chunks of Python code.

6.  Differnce between flask and Django
    The biggest difference between Flask and Django is:
        Flask implements a bare-minimum and leaves the bells and whistles to add-ons or to the developer
        Django follows a "batteries included" philosophy and gives you a lot more out of the box.     

7. Differnce between JSON and Dictionary
    In order to actually transmit any data, that data has to be in a specific format. A dict by itself is an abstract object.
    If you wanted to store a dict in a file, or send it over a network connection, then you'd need to turn that dict into a 
    series of bytes, and then at the other end you'd have to parse those bytes and reconstitute the dict object. 
    That process is called serialization. JSON is one set of rules for how to convert data structures to strings of bytes
    and vice versa. There are many others. JSON only allows a subset of what a full dict can contain, however, 
    since it's meant to be used as a common format used between different languages. JSON can only represent objects that
    have strings as keys, for instance.If you had a dict with a tuple as a key for instance, you'd have a hard time converting
    that to JSON.        